"Multiple fixes and improvements needed for the geographic targeting and brand settings. First add a United States option to the service areas so the user can select the entire country with one click as a quick select button at the top of the targeting section. Second fix the logic so that when a user selects a specific state or smaller area the Never market here exclusion section is automatically hidden since it is not needed at that level. Only show the exclusion section when the user selects United States or multiple states since that is when exclusions make sense. Third fix the Failed to load geographic targeting error that appears on the brand settings page. Fourth add an Edit button next to the business name in the Brand Profile section so the owner can easily rename their brand without restarting the entire brand discovery process. Fifth replace the single select dropdown for service areas with checkboxes so the user can select multiple regions simultaneously. Sixth add predefined Florida regional targeting options as checkboxes including All of Florida, North Florida covering Jacksonville Tallahassee Gainesville and Pensacola area, Central Florida covering Orlando Tampa Ocala and Daytona Beach area, South Florida covering Miami Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach area, East Coast Florida covering the Atlantic coastline from Jacksonville to Miami, West Coast Florida covering the Gulf coastline from Pensacola to Naples, and Florida Panhandle covering Pensacola Panama City and Tallahassee. Each checkbox should show the major cities included so the user knows exactly what area they are selecting. The user can check multiple regions simultaneously so for example checking North Florida and Central Florida targets the entire top half of the state covering both the East and West coasts of that region. Seventh show a small visual Florida map with selected regions highlighted so the user gets visual confirmation of their coverage area. Eighth add similar regional breakdowns for other large states like Texas California and New York. Ninth for the United States targeting option show a full US map where individual states can be clicked to exclude them shown in red while all other states remain targeted shown in green. This is specifically useful for affiliate marketers who need to exclude certain restricted states. Output all files created and updated."