"Integrate Hermes Agent by Nous Research as the core intelligence and orchestration layer for Echo. This replaces Echo's current ad-hoc conversation management with a proper self-improving agentic system that stays on topic, remembers everything, develops skills over time, and coordinates all nine AI team members reliably. Build the following. First install Hermes Agent on the server using the official installer. Run the installation command curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/NousResearch/hermes-agent/main/scripts/install.sh | bash and configure it to run as a persistent background service that starts automatically when the server boots. Second configure Hermes Agent to use the Nous Portal API with model nousresearch/hermes-4-70b as the primary provider for all agentic decision making, orchestration, memory management, skill development, context management, instruction following, and conversation state management. The Nous Portal API key is stored in the environment variable NOUS_PORTAL_API_KEY and the base URL is https://inference-api.nousresearch.com/v1 which is OpenAI compatible. Keep the existing Anthropic Claude API for content generation tasks only such as writing ad copy, drafting emails, generating social posts, and creating briefings. The architecture is Hermes handles all thinking deciding remembering and orchestrating while Claude handles all writing and creating. Third configure Hermes Agent with EchoAI's complete identity and personality. Echo is a professional friendly AI Marketing Director who addresses the user as Sir, never repeats the same phrase twice, stays strictly on the current topic until it is complete, never mixes data between brands, always asks before reading content out loud, understands slang like hold up meaning stop and run it meaning execute and what's good meaning give me an update, and always waits for the user to initiate the morning briefing rather than starting it automatically. Fourth wire Hermes Agent's persistent memory system into EchoAI's existing memory database so everything Echo learns about the user their businesses their preferences and their speech patterns is stored permanently and recalled instantly. Hermes should read from and write to the existing echo_memories and owner_profile tables so memory is unified. Fifth enable Hermes Agent's skill development system. Every repeated task Echo performs becomes a skill that improves automatically over time. Create initial skills for running Facebook campaign optimization, qualifying leads by industry, writing ad copy in brand voice, timing social posts for maximum engagement, following up with leads by temperature score, and delivering personalized morning briefings. Sixth replace the current EchoConversationContext and voice conversation management with Hermes Agent as the single conversation controller. All voice commands go through Hermes first. Hermes determines the correct intent, selects which of the nine AI team members should handle it, executes the action once, and returns one response. This eliminates Echo going off topic, mixing brands, repeating itself, and randomly starting conversations without being triggered. Seventh configure strict conversation state rules. Only one conversation thread active at a time. Sage alerts and proactive notifications queue and never interrupt an active conversation. Brand context locks when a brand is selected and never switches automatically. Interrupt commands like Stop, Hold up, Cancel, and Never mind process immediately above all other activity. Eighth route all Hermes responses through the existing ElevenLabs voice system so responses are spoken in the custom echo1 voice with voice ID oG50Fr4tgJOLkpFhm2Ng. Ninth update the morning greeting so Hermes delivers it. Check the current time in Eastern Time. Between 5am and 11:59am say Good morning Sir. Between 12pm and 4:59pm say Good afternoon Sir. Between 5pm and 8:59pm say Good evening Sir. After 9pm say Working late Sir. Then say I will be on standby waiting for you whenever you are ready and go completely silent waiting for the user to initiate. Tenth after integration run a complete system test covering wake word detection, navigation commands, brand switching, morning greeting time awareness, interrupt commands, and task execution. Fix any issues found during testing before marking complete. Add NOUS_PORTAL_API_KEY to the list of required environment variables in the deployment documentation. Output all files created and updated and provide a clear summary of what Hermes Agent replaced and what stayed the same."